google unveils a lot of things it is IO
2014 developers conference but an
updated nexus 8 tablet was not one of
them even though a lot of people were
one in Google's are updated as nexus 7
which was updated in 2013 Google decided
did not want to do so and apparently it
was actually never supposed to debut at
Google i/o according to a new report the
next date is actually still on its way
to the market but the entire an
announcement still is a little bit
unclear Android L which was just
released delivers a massive upgrade to
the operating system and it will
probably release around the same time as
google introduces the nexus 8 tablet
which guess it will have an 8 inch
screen unlike the nexus 7 the school you
know it's been even pressure to update
the screen size because a lot of tablets
now are bigger like for instance apple's
ipad mini now i think the next state
will ship with Android L so I would
expect to see a tablet lunch around the
same time as Android LS released an
official name is announced and the
actual operating system is unveiled to
the general public I wouldn't have to
see the nexus 8 tablet debut around the
same time which could be either this
summer 2014 or fall of 2014 I don't
think we'll see as late it's like
november or december i think it will be
before then because google has been
wanting to keep to maybe just a little
bit above a year for a release date
cycle like Apple does with their tablets
and phones we have said I would like to
hear what you'd like to see in the next
day in the comments below I know that
there's a lot of things school could
pack into the upcoming tablet I know one
of them is a 3d camera like amazon has
on their fire phone and i think that
would be really cool but i'm not
actually sure what else school will
unveil obviously as i said before it'll
get a new number and not a number of new
software features but you know i would
be interested to see what google
actually packs in terms of hardware I
would definitely touch the update
respects because the nexus 7 tablet is
beginning to get a little bit old and a
little bit slow so Google really is
overdue for an update anyways thanks for
watching this video and I will see you
next time in another video so adios